" I bet your ass must be very envious of the sheer amount of shit that can come out of your mouth " .

"70% off!" means a great deal to me.

"I dropped my toothpaste" said John, crestfallen.

"I feel like this is destined to be our year," said the keynote speaker at the conference of ophthalmology.

"I have a beard." —a bald-faced liar

"Luck is getting the chance to sell yourself. After that, you need to have talent"

"Reach for the Stars" might be insulting to a dwarf.

"average" only half rhymes with "a fridge" and it's not the half you'd expect

"i" before "e" except after "c" is disproved by science.

"yes but at the same time" really means "no and"

12 out of 10 dentists agree someone is using bad math

2020 will be remembered not for how many people died but for how many people used leafs as toilet paper

3.14% of sailors are π-rates.

42.63% of all statistics are made up on the spot

50 quid to join a pottery class, do I look like a mug

63 Earths can fit inside Uranus. 64 if you relax.

7 days of anal can make your hole week.

79% of accidents happen at home; good news for the homeless.

9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.

9 times out of 10, if you hear a pun come out of my mouth then it's absolutely intended, but if the 10th one doesn't make you laugh, then no pun in ten did!

A blind person was eating seafood. It didn’t help.

A cold blooded killer killed another lizard

A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says, "Audi!"

A cure for premature ejaculation can't come soon enough.

A desserter abandoned his diet

A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks "Is this stool taken?"

A fortune-teller predicted that someone was about to swindle me out of my money.

A friend once gave me an empty can of silly string. It was a gift with no strings attached

A frozen bottle of water should be allowed on a flight since it’s not a liquid.

A gathering of golfers and prison inmates would have pros and cons.

A good limbo dancer lowers the bar for everyone else.

A group of necrophiliacs draw straws.

A guy was running around with glitter on his balls, It was pretty nuts.

A lighthouse is actually very heavy.

A logic fetishist came to a conclusion.

A lot of people worry about being buried alive, but that's really a miner problem.

A nine year old girl has disappeared after using moisturizer that makes you look ten years younger.

A one armed man walks into a second hand shop.

A penny saved is more than a penny earned, because a penny earned is taxed.

A photon checks into a hotel, is asked if he needs any help with his luggage and replies, "No, I'm traveling light."

A plateau is the highest form of flattery.

A pole sticking out the side of a wall is a reverse gloryhole

A politician is someone who molests the government

A proctologist's profession really sucks because they have to work with assholes all day and the pay can be shitty.

A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.

A sadomasochist gets excited when someone tells them that they're going to hell

A semicolon broke the law; it was given two consecutive sentences.

A smile is the best makeup any girl can wear.

A soul can be wiped clean with toilet paper

A struggling magician might resort to pulling their hare out.

A voice in my head wont let me take off my headphones

Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.

Accountants often appear dour as they don't want to be seen laughing at your expense.

After being told to watch my language I bought a foreign film with English subtitles.

After the death of Steve Irwin they had to cancel his range of sun creams, they just didn't protect from harmful rays.

After winning the game I decided to throw the ball into the crowd like they do on TV but apparently that's unacceptable in Bowling.

After you left I was the one left.

Ah, the Nobel Peace Prize... I'd kill to win that.

Alcohol is a solution

All countries got Coronavirus eventually, but China got it right off the bat.

All dairy cows have a significant udder.

All food either goes to waste or waist.

All forks are tiney

All generalizations are wrong.

All my Ex Machinas live in Texarkana

All my internal organs got placed mirrored by birth, but at least my heart is on the right side.

All of these 'trashtag challenge' posts are litterally changing my view of the world.

All of these capitalists are making some letters bigger than others

All red wine is mulled wine, if you think about it.

All shoes are running shoes, when you have diarrhea.

All the money I give to my insurance guy and he has the audacity to call himself 'broker'.

Alphabetical should be spelled

Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.

Always use a condom when having phone sex, or you might get hearing aids.

Always writing my name in cursive is my signature move.

An unsuccessful limbo dancer walked into a bar...

And just then, it all came back to me... As I peed in the wind...

Anorexics must be starving for attention

Antivaxxers are nothing to sneeze at.

Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.

Apparently if you can’t aim properly, urinal lot of trouble.

Apparently it costs £1,500,000 to climb Mount Everest...which in my opinion, is a bit steep.

Approaching the New Year and I've got 20/20 vision

Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me?

Are walking trails at mental institutions called psychopaths?

Are you COVID? Cause youre 19 and i could easily spread that

Are you a cigarette? Cause I want to get you lit and put your butt in my mouth!

As I put the car in reverse, I thought "This takes me back".

As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.

As a dermatologist, I didn’t expect my patient to have such thick skin.

As a short person, I get looked down on

Asian One-liner....

At Turdburgler Farms we use 100% stolen fertilizer

At any given moment, the urge to sing, “The Lion Sleeps Tonight” is just a whim away, a whim away, a whim away.

Australians don't have sex, Australians mate.

Avoiding dangling prepositions is something I am really good at.

Beethoven wrote nine symphonies and not one wrote back.

Being human is really just getting old

Being pansexual means my Myers Briggs test result says I'm a LGBT.

Best place to meet someone with a smoking hot body is the burn ward at the hospital

Biden likely hasn't had a capital D in years

Blind people hate skydiving because it scares the hell out of their dogs.

Both of my feet are legends

Braille really should've been called 'Blind Spots'.

Calling your mother an asshole makes you a piece of shit.

Camouflaged condoms, she'll never see you coming

Castration takes balls

Chandeliers?... Eh, not a fan

Checked out a nudist camp today, but the sign said "Clothed till May".

Childlessness is hereditary.

Choirs use their vocal cords to make vocal chords

Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint him.

Clones are people two.

Cocaine

Communist jokes are only funny if everyone gets them.

Condoms are for fucking pussies.

Confessions at church must be a real pain in the ass for little boys

Conspiracy to make balls earth shaped

Coronavirus is what I used to call in sick with instead of saying beer flu.

Cows have hooves instead of feet because they lactose.

Create a new digital assistant named Bob, and have the marketing go "No Siri, Bob"

D.B. Cooper became the richest and most famous skydiver with a single jump.

Dark humor is like food, not everybody gets it

Death can never be a formality, it's a casualty.

Diarrhea is hereditary

Did you know "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?

Did you know vampires are not real? Unless you Count Dracula

Dietary fiber is the shit

Disappointed, but not surprised, I was once again the only one at Solipsists Anonymous.

Do Claustrophobics listen to Trap music?

Do Siamese twins suffer from joint pain?

Do little people have earlier bedtimes than us?

Do you think Colin Jost's parents are cool with his interracial marriage?

Does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac stay up all night wondering if there is a dog?

Don't be the same ,be better.

Don't eat animal crackers if the seal is broken

Don't tell anytwo, but I suck at math.

Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.

Don’t let anyone tell you what to do.

Dozens of dollars lost in massive ramen heist.

Duct tape can't fix stupid, but it can muffle the sound of it.

Dumb people work, smart people die finding a way to never do even one tiny lil bit of work in their life

Earth, Wind, and Fire needs to play a concert with Heart and Aqua, so they can finally summon Captain Planet.

Eating a clock is very time consuming.

Either you're not retarded or you'll never know

Elevators drive me up the fucking wall

English puns make me feel numb, but math puns make me feel number.

Every day is bring your kid to work day in China.

Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it

Every pizza is a personal pizza, if you believe in yourself.

Every year, hundreds of students enrol in mime school, never to be heard from again.

Everyone gives flat-earthier grief but they’re just ahead of the curve

Everything is a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough.

Excuse me while I lick the blood on the inside of my tongue

Explaining to a child that we're mortal and that death is inescapable is probably for me the hardest part of being a party clown.

FYI: An erection is not considered personal growth

Farmers dont give a shit but they do buy and sell it

Farts are just the ghosts of the things we have eaten.

Five out of six scientists recommend Russian roulette.

Floppy disks are like Jesus- they died to become the icon of saving.

Foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs.

Frankly autocorrect, I’m getting tired of your shirt

Friends are like snowflakes. They disappear when you pee on them

Furniture sales people hate it when you refer to the ottoman displays as stool samples.

Geologists rock

Getting your shit together is a direct violation of the Law of Entropy.

Giraffes know how to make a little food go a long way.

God gave me the keys to his kingdom so tomorrow night we are gonna sneak in and rob him

Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.

Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.

Good camo pants are hard to find.

Gravity is one of the most fundamental forces in the universe, but if you remove it, you get gravy.

Greed bless you

Green is my favorite color, I love it more than blue and yellow combined.

Growing up is getting old.

Guy tried to sell me a ticket with a chance to win so I offered him an amount of money for it whatever amount is in my left hand he will find out after the trade for a chance

Guys, if having a dad bod is in, does that mean that you're more attractive if you have a father figure?

HERMITS UNITE!

Hanging yourself is a breathtaking once in a lifetime experience

Hard work will never hurt you as long as you watch it from a safe distance.

Have u seen the film about the tractor, because ive only seen the trailer

Have you ever heard the story about the blind carpenter that picked up his hammer and saw?

Having erectile dysfunction can’t be that hard

He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.

He's had the clap so many times, it's more like applause by now.

Hey bartender, I had a shitty day and need a little fuck me up.

Hinduism is the most peaceful religion because they never have beef.

Hope my knuckle replacement goes well tomorrow fingers crossed

How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever.

How long is a Chinese man.

How much XP can I get for killing the mood?

Human clones aren't very original.

I accidentally stumbled upon a fetish website. It was fucking shit.

I accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster.

I advertised a ghost tour for my city and then didn’t show up.

I agree to your terms but not your conditions

I ain’t the brightest book in the shed.

I am a failure of a Leftist; I cannot do anything Right.

I am once again back in the hospital for my Narcissism treatment. I always seem to check myself out.

I asked this beautiful woman if I could take her home, and she said yes, so we're foreclosing her mortgage next week.

I ate aluminium foil once. For days after that all i could do was sheet metal.

I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the biggest vowel movement ever.

I became a good person and went to heaven just so i could give god what he has coming.

I became a war hero by not joining the military

I bet when cannibals go on a diet they order the chef salad

I bought a dog off a blacksmith today and as soon as I got it home, it made a bolt for the door.

I bought my friend a get better soon card. He isn't ill, I just think he could do better

I bought my grandchildren some crayons and I have to say, they make my kin scrawl.

I bought some anti-poop glasses, but now I can't see shit.

I bought the world's worst Thesaurus the other day. Not only is it bad, it's also pretty bad.

I broke my finger last week. On the other hand, I'm okay.

I broke my finger, but on the other hand I'm fine.

I broke up with my gym; we were just not working out.

I built a stair case without planning permission council said i took it a step too far

I can't do a one night stand... I have to get two or else my bedroom would look uneven

I can't find my hide-and-seek manual.

I can't leave for work without my jump-start battery.

I can't stand action figures with no feet

I can't stand paraplegics.

I can't think of a single person who's in a relationship.

I can't wait to see my wife's face light up when she opens the fridge I got her for Christmas.

I cannot even begin to explain how bad my communication skills are.

I cannot stand being fat.

I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar company for taking a day off

I can’t believe the fired me at the clock factory after all the extra hours I put in.

I can’t remember where I put my boomerang, I’m sure it will come back to me.

I can’t write a Batman joke to save my parents’ life.

I could tell my waiter was losing his balance, but I decided to let the chips fall where they may.

I crack good drug puns.

I decided to give the Whisky diet a try, I've lost three days already.

I despise Russian dolls, they're way too full of themselves.

I didn't get a good look at the guy who stole my car, but I managed to write down the license plate number.

I didn’t think I’d like my sister’s new boyfriend, the hockey player, but it turns out he’s a keeper.

I do public relations work for a company that sells bicycle wheels. I'm also their spokes person.

I don't do one line jokes I just make people laugh with as few words as possible.

I don't mean to be offensive, but I really love all stereotypes; boomboxes are my favorite.

I don't trust stairs... they always look like they're up to something.

I don't wear glasses anymore, I've seen enough.

I don’t know about you but I think Climate Change is just a load of hot air.

I don’t know what shams are, but I think it’s weird that we put their poo in our hair.

I don’t like cocaine, I just like the smell of it.

I don’t like the term grammar nazi, it’s just not comparable, there weren’t any punctuation camps or caps chambers.

I find it strange how everyone suddenly cares about straws killing dolphins because they've been breaking camels' backs for years.

I find proctologists to be a pain in the ass.

I googled "how to start a wildfire" and I got 50,000 matches.

I googled “cigarette lighter” and got 2000 matches.

I got god a christmas present that I sin 10℅ less for a year and i got the devil a present that I sin 10℅ more in that same time

I got in touch with my inner self today. That's the last time I'm buying 1-ply toilet paper

I got into a fight with some guy on a moving staircase yesterday

I got mugged by six dwarves last night. Not happy.

I had a 3-way last night, everything came together nicely in spite of 2 no-shows.

I hate conspiracy theories and actually think there's a group of people creating them just to annoy me.

I hate having ADHD, one second your doing something and the

I hate it when ice sculptures give me the cold shoulder.

I hate peer pressure and you should too

I hate those people who bang on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn". Stupid firemen

I hate when books end on a

I have a Polish friend who has a job as a sound engineer and I have a Czech one too.

I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk If You Think I'm Sexy' so I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself!

I have a close friend who really likes to wear camo, I haven't seen him in years.

I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it

I have a killer joke about mob lynching...

I have a lion's heart

I have a pen that can write underwater as well as other words too.

I have a problem with my budget it's not going cheap

I have a really intense phobia of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them.

I have a recurring dream where I divide 10 by 3.

I have a song about glue stuck in my mind

I have a theremin at home, but I haven’t touched it in years

I have issues when it comes to comic book subscriptions

I have more issues than Times magazine.

I haven't had a single drink all day. They've all been doubles.

I haven’t heard any trick-or-treaters, knock on wood.

I haven’t owned a watch for I don’t know how long.

I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal, because Elongate, would be really drawn out.

I just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.

I just can't see myself wearing camouflage

I just deleted all German names off my phone, it's now hans free!

I just found out that I’m colourblind. It came totally out of the purple

I just gave away all of my dead batteries free of charge.

I just got back from China; I feel pretty disoriented.

I just got fired from my job at the bakery, which is upsetting cause I really kneaded the dough.

I just opened my electric bill and water bill at the same time and was completely shocked.

I just ordered 2000 lbs of won ton soup.

I just saw some idiot at the gym put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill.

I just spotted an albino Dalmatian, I mean, it was the least I could do.

I know a guy who used sell primates for a living, but the government put a stop to his monkey business

I know everything about the Dunning-Kruger effect

I learned so many new phrases while attending university, like “hyperbolic functions”, “binary fission”, “failed exam”, “retaking courses”, “last chance”, “self medication”, “seething depression” and “suicide hotline”.

I like to make flatbread jokes naan stop

I like to shit with the door open because it keeps people from getting into the elevator with me.

I like what mechanics wear, overall.

I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.

I lost all my weed in a series of small fires.

I love eating fastfood better than sex. That’s because I can buy fastfood zon almost every corner.

I love my dog but his mom is a bitch.

I love to tell dad jokes, and sometimes he laughs.

I met a drunk ventriloquist who said she wanted to sleep with me but I didn't know whether it was her or the beer talking.

I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so we’re going to go on a date next week.

I missed my bus talking to a burrito vendor, he just couldn't wrap it up!

I must be an awful person to paraplegics because they can't stand being around me.

I named my eraser Confidence, because it gets smaller after every mistake I make.

I need to buy a watch but i dont have the time

I never thought that our death would be 'Made in China'

I once baked brownies with laxatives in them and all my co-workers lost their shit over it.

I once knew a guy who broke the rules without breaking the rules by just saying - -

I once met a guy called Christmas, he was named after his navidad.

I once ordered a plate of pasta and a plate of antipasti, and the order canceled itself out.

I once threw a dart at a rodeo and got a bullseye!

I once took a shit in a public restroom. The guy who left it was weirded out by that.

I participated in an anal sex competition and came in turd.

I pay my accountant to cook the books not burn them

I put the “sexy” in “dyslexic”

I quit drinking yesterday. Come to think of it, I quit drinking every day.

I race horses but they always win

I read my favorite bible verse everyday, Lunch 11:35

I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden but how the fuck am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden?

I really don't like the term "anal bleaching" and would much rather call it "changing my ringtone."

I really like Switzerland, the flag is a big plus.

I recently switched the n&m keys on the school computers, some may say I'm a monster, others might say I'm a nomster!

I remember the last thing my dad said to me..."be careful son, the safety is off."

I rushed to the hospital when I heard that my cousin could neither walk nor speak, but apparently, all newborns are like that.

I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.

I singlehandedly watched thousands of hours of porn

I smoke weed in all kinds of weather, but, I just dont in hail.

I spotted an albino dalmatian today.

I started as a corporate idiot and worked my way up to having just a corporate learning disability

I stole a toilet from the police station. The cops have nothing to go on.

I stopped making jokes about short people once I realised that that's beneath me

I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets bad I take something for it.

I suppose snipers miss their loved ones.

I sure was relieved when the wind scattered my pile of raked leaves

I swam with dolphins yesterday and it was fantastic we just clicked!

I think I have commitment issues, but I'm not sure.

I think freezing to death would be a cool way to die.

I think lumber jacks were disappointed when they attended Woodstock

I think one of my dads is gay.

I think one of my dads might be gay.

I think there are about 1-2 million baseball fields in the world, but that's just a ballpark number.

I think there is a chance I might be insecure.

I thought I saw a sausage fly past my window, but it was just a seabird. I think I've taken a tern for the wurst.

I thought I spotted a leopard once, but it turns out they’re born like that.

I thought about doing some yoga, but then thought, "That's a bit of a stretch."

I thought becoming a comedian like my estranged dad would get us closer, but he didn’t want to see one of his mistakes making one of his mistakes.

I thought they were giving out wigs for free but apparently you have toupee.

I tied all of my spaghetti together whilst I was drunk last night and ended up skipping dinner.

I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.

I took a sip of my friend's Earl Grey, but it wasn't my cup of tea.

I took a test to see if I had a kidney stone. I passed it.

I totally understand how batteries feel because I’m rarely ever included in things either.

I tried teaching my dog how to dance, but it turns out, he's got 2 left feet.

I tried to be an actor, but I was living a lie.

I tried to be nice by holding the door open for a girl but apparently, chivalry doesn't apply to bathroom stalls

I tried to buy a hotdog with ketchup but the vendor would only accept cash.

I tried to start a group for guys with Erectile Dysfunction, but nobody was up for it.

I used to be a lifeguard until some blue kid got me fired.

I used to be funny.

I used to be indecisive but now Im not so sure

I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.

I used to hate pimples, but they grew on me.

I used to work in a theatre, sadly the doctors just couldn’t appreciate my acting skills.

I visited the antique computer store to bring back the old memories.

I want to open a barber shop in the hood and call it Gang Bangs.

I want to open a male strip club featuring Asian men in Mexico called Señor Dong.

I want to start a professional hide and seek league, but good players are so hard to find.

I want to start an airline that caters for fat people, but I don’t think it’ll take off.

I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you can’t end a sentence with a proposition.

I wanted to start a game of hide & seek but finding people was impossible.

I was attacked by a group of mimes and they did unspeakable things to me.

I was born at a very young age.

I was going to make a joke about sodium and hydrogen, but NaH..

I was going to pay my neighbor a visit, but I'm on the fence about it.

I was going to quit stealing board games, but there was one last Risk I was willing to take.

I was gonna tell a time travelling joke but you guys didn't like it

I was hitting on this hot girl and she says, “The thing that I love is...” and I interrupted, “when people finish your sentences?!?!?!”

I was immediately fired at my new job as a human cannon ball

I was lonely and looking for a bit of company, so I bought some stocks.

I was once employed as a designer of cul de sacs. Turned out though to be a dead end job.

I was picking up some dog poop in the park today and thought to myself, I really should get a dog.

I was recently caught masturbating inside of a hospital. I told them I was just having a stroke.

I was recently let go as an organ courier. Heart wasn't in it.

I was that kid in high school who would always ask the teacher "When are we ever going to use this in real life?" in Sex Ed.

I was trying to learn how to snap my fingers, and then it clicked

I was trying to remember the name of that Italian dessert where you pour espresso over ice cream, but affogatto.

I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger, and then it hit me.

I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger and then it hit me.

I wear a balaclava to bed so if there's a home invasion, they'll think I'm part of the team.

I went to Wuhan and got sick right off the bat

I went to a German massage parlor today and I must say, the whole experience was pretty hans on.

I went to a brothel where their motto is “The customer comes first.”

I went to a family restaurant and they refused to serve me a family.

I went to a wedding on the weekend, and it was so emotional that even the cake was in tiers.

I went to the park to play Frisbee with my son, but he's not very aerodynamic

I wished for bitches so the genie gave me all the men I ever called that

I woke up screaming this morning. My apologies to everyone in the staff meeting.

I wonder if Microsoft has an open office policy...

I wonder if Whoopi Goldberg's parents realized the irony when they made whoopie.

I wonder if colorblind people read Colorado as just "ado".

I wonder if gun manuals have a troubleshooting section.

I wonder if my vet's receptionist realizes how many people's passwords she knows?

I wonder if the guy who coined the term "One Hit Wonder" came up with any other phrases.

I would say a joke about time travel but you didn’t like it

I'd blame my problems on earthquakes, but it'd be a faulty assertion.

I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.

I'd like to have more self-esteem, but I don't deserve it. :(

I'd never refuse a stranger's money, even if you paid me.

I'd tell you one of my self-deprecation jokes but none of them are any good.

I'm a fan of roller coasters but they do have their ups and downs

I'm all for gay marriage - why should hetero people have all the misery?

I'm always nervous when a woman sees me naked for the first time that she'll just scream and run out of the park.

I'm always right. Thought I was wrong once, but it turned out i was mistaken.

I'm applying to guillotine school so I can ahead in life.

I'm getting so old that I have more back issues than a comic book store.

I'm going to the international orgasm museum... Wanna come?

I'm guilty of confessing to meaningless crimes.

I'm here to self deprecate and chew bubble gum, and I forgot to bring gum because I'm the worst.

I'm looking at the paper and wonder if anybody else notices this, people seem to be dying in alphabetical order.

I'm mediocre, and that's okay.

I'm not sure what FOMO means, but I fear I'm missing out on something.

I'm not very good at following thr

I'm only capricious when I want to be.

I'm pretty sober, but I'm even prettier when you're drunk.

I'm seriously contemplating remarrying my ex wife but I'm scared she will realize that I'm just after my money

I'm so tired of being exhausted

I'm sub par at golf... Wait no im not sub par at golf

I'm thankful for my fingers because I can always count on them.

I've been caught red-handed lying about the colour of my body parts.

I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants ~ feefiphobia.

I've been going through a lot right now and can't seem to find a parking space.

I've been prescribed anti-gloating cream. I can't wait to rub it in.

I've been referred to a doctor with severe migraines, hopefully he's feeling better by the time we meet.

I've decided to go to the casino more, in order to be my bettor self.

I've decided to sell all my chiropractic magazines, I have lots of back issues.

I've got two rulers: one for good measure, and another for good measure.

I've just spent a £1000 on hiring a limousine,then found out it doesn't come with a driver, I can't believe I spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it.

I've just written my first joke about tantric sex. It's been a long time coming.

I've never considered myself talented at all, but I just overheard the doctor say that he thinks I'm moderately artistic!

I've not slept for 4 days, because that'd be too long

I, for one, like Roman numerals

I, for one, like Roman numerals.

Id give an arm and a leg to be a cripple

If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?

If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever

If I had a dime for every time I showed myself to be bad at maths I'd have like 93 cents.

If I offer to do something for you in exchange for calamari, that's known as a squid pro quo.

If a blind prostitute tells you that you're hung, she's probably pulling your leg.

If a blind prostitute tells you that you're the biggest she's ever felt, she might be pulling your leg.

If a corporation is a person, then Enron employees killed people

If a drug dealer can be arrested for impersonating a cop, then a cop should be arrested for impersonating a dealer

If anyone has a good way of clearing ear wax, give me a shout.

If anyone is wanting to send a rocketship to Uranus, they better plan on buying you dinner first.

If anyone wants to come and talk about why my stuff keeps getting stolen, the door is always open.

If at first you don't succeed, don't give up, go back and do it the way your wife told you to do it.

If at first you don't succeed, sky diving isn't for you.

If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving is not your sport.

If birds without a beak take ocer the world it would be Impeccable

If calcium helps your bones, does white stuff make more white stuff.

If every letter "t" was silent, we'd never hear the end of it.

If everyone in the world was right handed, then there would be nobody left.

If humans had to build their houses like spiders I would literally shit bricks.

If i was god id change my name and have nothing to do with my past

If i were a superhero i'd be He'nt Man

If it wasn't for Hershery I would get no hugs or kisses.

If it weren't for court dates, I wouldn't have any dates at all.

If life gets you down, make a comforter

If light travels faster than the speed of sound then how come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?

If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now.

If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.

If procrastination was an Olympic sport, I’ll participate in the next one.

If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, Soviet

If someone ever tells me I don’t know what I’m talking about, I let them know I can neither confirm nor deny.

If sportsmen get athlete’s foot, do fighter pilots get mistletoe?

If the entire human population held hands around the equator a significant portion of them would drown.

If the fountain of youth is anything like a kids swimming pool its full of pee

If the human body has two 'I's, how is multiple personality syndrome a disorder?

If the invisible man stops by and asks for me tell him I can’t see him.

If there's one thing that makes me throw up, it's a dart board on a ceiling.

If two dudes ride a tandem bike together are they both riding bitch?

If was a priest and you were a child, holy fuck.

If we canteloup lettuce marry!

If we tell people that the brain is an app, maybe they will start using it

If you cry in the shower, it looks like you're extra good at crying.

If you dont own territory you're always an extra terrestrial

If you don’t believe in human perseverance you clearly haven’t seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter.

If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too.

If you get cold sores from sharing a light beer, does it count as corona virus?

If you have coronavirus, you should get limes disease to go with that.

If you need to self isolate spend it with some teenagers they are experts at that

If you need to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together, make sure they’re the same because then, you’ll have a match.

If you read my autobiography from back to front it's about a guy that hasn't sold a single copy of his book.

If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted

If you suck on the trumpet, that's probably why...

If you think quitting cigarettes is hard, try not being an asshole.

If you thought swimming with dolphins was expensive, try swimming with sharks, it’ll cost you an arm and a leg.

If you want a job in a moisturizer factory , you should apply daily

If you work at Microsoft you are using Microsoft office

If you're applying to the Christian Mingle dating site, do not say you're "Christian as fuck".

If you're consumed with existential dread, don't be

If you're ever trapped under the snow, try not to panic... just sit there and chill.

If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue.

If you're not supposed to abuse Cough Syrup why does it come with a shot glass?

If you're worried that you might one day develop Alzheimer's disease, you can just forget about it.

Im going to play Marco Polo with myself in the shower, when I find myself I'll get out.

Imagine having Aphantasia

In Europe, Bigfoot is called Bigmeter

In a Heat Death scenario, the entire Universe will be reduced to absolute zero temperatures. But don't worry - everything will be 0K.

In a noisy and crowded bar a Roman guy raises his hand and holds up two fingers and yells to the bartender “five beers please “

In high school, my math teacher called me average and that was mean.

In most cases, cell phones won't crack when you drop them

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Iron Man was the first Fe-Male to get a movie.

In the circle of life you can find happiness in every corner

In the movie "Hook", Tinkerbell came out as a big "Pan"-sexual.

Inventing a new language is rewording

Is Greta Thunbergs favourite movie MadAtGasCar?

Is is possible to take epidermis from one person's buttocks and graft it to another? Arse skin for a friend.

Is it just me, or are there other personal pronouns?

Is the s or the c in scent silent

Isn't it ironic that homelessness can be through the roof?

Isn’t it laconic

It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do

It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.

It took me a long time to figure out I'm a slow learner.

It took me a while to become a trainer for rock bands, but eventually I had all the Kinks worked out.

It took my girlfriend years to admit that she had a stutter.

It was such fun packing myself into a suitcase, I could hardly contain myself.

It wasn’t much fun having a broken neck, but now I can look back and laugh.

It would be so cool if we could reverse global warming.

It's Pi Day, my birthday, but not my cake day.

It's been so long since I had sex, I wear flip-flops to remind me what it sounds like.

It's not difficult to be an insomniac; I became one overnight.

It's okay to marry your second cousin, as long as you're legally divorced from the first one.

It’s easy to make holy water, just boil the hell out of it.

It’s estimated half the world is below average

I’d like to start dieting but I’ve got too much on my plate.

I’d not heard of the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon until recently, and now I’m seeing references to it everywhere.

I’m a big fan of wind turbines

I’m a huge procrastinator, but it’s a good thing cause I’m also suicidal

I’m a scientist researching bestiality between humans and dogs, so if any of you have any questions for me, you'll find me in my lab.

I’m as straight as the lines on a gay pride flag.

I’m not passive aggressive, unlike some people.

I’m not pretty bad, I’m just an oxymoron.

I’m okay with smoking, alcohol and marijuana, but cocaine is where I draw the line.

I’m on the fence about indecision

I’m probably the most humble person you’ll ever met.

I’m thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus.

I’ve accepted the fact that being cremated is my last hope for a smoking, hot body.

I’ve been trying to leave Rome for weeks but all the roads have this weird design flaw...

I’ve found an origami porn channel but it’s paper view only.

I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.

I’ve made a website for depressed tennis players, but the servers are currently down.

Jesus walks into a hotel, hands the receptionist three spikes, and asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"

Jokes about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them.

Jokes about communism aren’t funny unless everyone gets them

Just found out that "elbows" is not Spanish for "the bows".

Just got a boat load of toilet paper in fresh from china.

Just heard an inmate with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence.

Just quit my job as a Ski Instructor.. when I started I was on top of the world, then it all went downhill.

Just read Steven Tyler's new Chinese cookbook, "Wok This Way."

Just snorted my first line of coke so next line I'll join r/twoliners.

Just so everybody's clear, I'm going to put my glasses on.

Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater.

Justice is best served cold because if it was served warm it would be justwater.

Jägermeister should be consumed in an elevator to lift up the spirit.

Keep the Earth clean, it isn't Uranus!

Keeping the bottom of your feet clean are your shoes’ sole purpose.

Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you.

Killing myself would be the last thing I'd ever do.

Kleptomaniac evangelicalists take the Bible literally.

Knitting gives me right pins and needles

Like most people my age, I'm 45.

Listening to people lecture me about how suicide jokes are offensive makes me want to kill myself

Looking at Medusa makes me hard.

Losing the bet meant I had to grow a soul patch, but I took it on the chin.

Love it.

Make sure to use protection when having phone sex. I didn't and now I have hearing aids.

Male actors wear make up, so... maybe you're not ugly, just poor.

Mark my words, I will be edited.

Maybe in 9 months we're gonna have a baby boom; but in 3 months we're gonna have a divorce boom.

Me learning to play the kazoo is humming right along.

Mike Tyson once watched Breaking Bad, he thought it was pretty methed up.

Moderation is key

Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.

Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-buy.

Morning Wood is just waking up in the middle of dick diagnostics.

Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.

Most people think that t-rexes can't clap because they have short arms, but really it's because they are dead

Murder is a form of over-kill.

My 50 year kindergarten reunion is coming up soon and I’m worried about the 175 pounds I’ve gained since then

My Ford was stolen, now I am unfocused.

My Indian neighbor told me to get off his lawn but I said “naw man, namaste.”

My Mom used to say "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach". Lovely woman. Terrible surgeon.

My New Year's resolution is going to be 1080p.

My attitude towards gradients tend to slightly change over time...

My blind wife burned her fingers on the stove, and now she feels bad.

My boss said he’ll fire the employee with the worst posture and I have a hunch, it might be me.

My boyfriend and I are made for eachother: he thinks I'm cute when I don't have my glasses on, and I think he's cute when I don't have my glasses on.

My buddy used to date a cross-eyed girl until he found out she was seeing someone on the side.

My cat spends so much time digging in the litter box, you'd think he'd lost his wallet.

My codependence was so bad I was incapable of being single. But then I started seeing a psychiatrist and wouldn't you guess it: we're getting married in May!

My cousin is gay; in school while other kids were dissecting frogs, he was opening flies

My current wife hates it when I call her that.

My dad died because we couldn't remember his blood type. He kept saying 'be positive', but it doesn't make it any easier.

My dad used to be really good at russian roulette.

My dad was so mad at my mom that he just called me son of a bitch.

My dentist girlfriend ditched me and hurt my fillings.

My doctor concluded that I'm severely constipated. I really couldn't give a shit.

My doctor told me i had a drinking problem. Then i told him vodka is a mixture of alcohol suspended in a solvent of water. So i also have a drinking solution.

My dog is a son of a bitch

My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes

My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes.

My eyes aren’t as sharp as they use to be, I used to stabbed witches with them

My family celebrates Columbus day by breaking into our neighbors house and discovering their furniture.

My family couldn't agree on whether to get grandpa buried or cremated, so in the end, we just let him live.

My father only hit me once but he used a Ford.

My favorite instrument of torture is the recorder.

My favourite words are former and ladder

My flights are always cheap because all my baggage is emotional

My friend told me that I just don’t understand irony, which was ironic because we were at a bus stop at the time.

My girlfriend is obsessed with collecting Beatles albums, she needs Help.

My girlfriend tells me that I'm indecisive, but I'm not so sure about that.

My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that would make her look sexy, so I got drunk!

My grandad always used to say sticks and stones can break my bones but words could never hurt me ...until he fell into a printing press

My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban at the zoo

My imaginary girlfriend has real breasts

My kinky GF wants to put glitter on my testicles, but I think that's pretty nuts.

My last girlfriend couldn't accept my obsession with horoscopes. In the end it Taurus apart.

My mind is like an internet browser — I have 23 tabs open, 4 are frozen, and I don't know where the music is coming from.

My mother-in-law said my floors are dirty but I beg to swiffer.

My myelin sheath is really getting on my nerves.

My neighbor was bragging about his new 1.8 liter Honda, so I told him I just bought a 2.0 liter Mountain Dew.

My neighbour keeps racing pigeons but the pigeons always win.

My new film about the death of Jesus is filled with easter eggs.

My nickname in college was "The Love Machine". I sucked at tennis.

My old cart has advanced features, like lane assist. When I drift out of my lane a female voice shouts "get back in your damn lane you idiot!' Only seems to work when my wife is in the car.

My only problem with Avengers: Endgame is that at no time do Benedict Cumberbatch or Robert Downey Jr. say "No shit, Sherlock" to each other

My penis made it into the Guinness book of world records. But the librarian told me to take it out

My record for no nut November, i just beat it

My sexual orientation is straighter than the pole your dad dances for me on.

My sister dated a magazine salesman, but he had too many issues.

My son thinks he’s so smart now that he’s learned how to recite pi, and now I’ll never hear the end of it.

My superiority complex is better than yours.

My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.

My tripod is broken. I can't stand it.

My uncle's a lion tamer. The bank foreclosed and took nearly everything but at least he still has his pride.

My vacuum cleaner sucks.

My wife and I decided to spell bad words out so our kids don't learn them, so during our family supper last night l told her "honey, we should S-T-O-P saying 'shit' in front of the kids."

My wife got mad at me because I’m bad with directions so I packed up my stuff and right

My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right.

My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.

My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan.

My wife was pretty upset when she found out my nickname in college was “The Love Machine”; i was pretty bad at tennis.

Neglect is a topic I've always ignored.

Neil Armstrong's dad once ejaculated so hard that it eventually landed on the moon.

Never challenge Death to a pillow fight unless you're prepared to handle the reaper cushions.

Never iron a 4-leaf clover, because then you are just pressing your luck.

Never run with scissors and never scissor with the runs

Never trust an atom, they make up everything.

New presidential guidelines suggest you don’t have to quarantine, but you should quaranten.

No matter how far you push the envelope, it will still be stationary.

Nobody believed me when I told them I can chop down a tree just by looking at it, but I saw it with my own eyes.

Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be.

Not sure if they truly repented but, Bonnie & Clyde did become holy by the end of it all.

Nothing is as effective as homeopathy.

Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.

Obama and I have received over 135 million votes combined for president

Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.

Old MacDonald had computers do everything for him, AI AI O.

On average, every person is the same age.

On the other hand, you have different fingers.

Once all this Coronavirus shit is done with were all gonna be left with no fingerprints.

Once you realize Trumps top military adviser is The Beach Boys it makes more sense why he wants to bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran.

One day i will be a scientist and invent an antiseptic that kills those remaining 0.01% germs.

One man's "Damn, she's crazy" is another man's "Damn, that dude was right".

One night, as I was laying in bed, I looked up at the stars and thought to myself, “what the fuck happened to my roof?”

Only after my friend drove into the lake did he learn the error of his Waze.

Opened a tin of spam found nothing but junk mail

Our teacher told us that if we don’t learn from our history, then we are doomed to repeat it next semester.

PAEDOPHILES ARE JUST FUCKING IMMATURE ASSHOLES

Paradoxes are always untrue, except this one.

Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet

Parking a single car doesn’t need much space, but parking 200 cars, now that needs a lot...

Paying for a circumcision is such a ripoff

People are often shocked when they realize how bad of an electrician I am.

People are usually shocked when they find out I am not a good electrician.

People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but the people in Abu Dhabi dooo!

People keep telling me my idea about a glue and rifle shop is stupid, but I'm sticking to my guns

People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction but honestly, it's not so hard.

People often say “icy” is the easiest word to spell and, looking at it now, I see why.

People seem to like the Chinese flag. It’s got five stars.

People thought I had a spectrum disorder, until they realized that I was just plain stupid.

People used to be nicer, these days the average person is mean.

People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies

People who cannot distinguish between etymology and entomology, bug me in ways in which I cannot put into words.

People who make bear puns should be mauled.

People who misuse the word "literally" are figuratively Hitler.

People who use hearing protection are being ear-responsible.

People will hate you for leaving out one of the "do" in "do not do"

People write congrats because they can't spell congrajlashins.

Pop music makes balloons nervous

Probably the worst thing you can hear when you’re wearing a bikini is “Good for you!”

Put down the phone, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving.

Quitting smoking is easy; I’ve done it plenty of times.

R Kelly ~ taking the art out of rap artist

RIP boiling water, you will be mist.

Rape: short word, long sentence.

Regardless of price, Velcro is always a rip off

Remains to be seen if glass coffins will be a success.

Riddles That Will Stump You Every Time

SPOILER ALERT: The Never Ending Story ends.

Satan is one hell of a guy.

Secondhand coffins are hard to come by.

Sex is like pizza: I never trust anyone who wants to involve ketchup in it.

Short people with umbrellas sometimes catch my eye.

Shouldn't have eaten that expired ketchup but Heinzsight is 20/20

Shout out to all the people that are hard of hearing!

Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is

Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets

Sign language is the least spoken language in the world.

Silence Is the most powerful scream!

Similes - what are they like?

Smoking will kill you and bacon will kill you, but, smoking bacon, will cure it.

So I'm reading this fascinating book on Yellowstone Geyser, and the park ranger starts yelling at me, right...

So a shrimp fried my rice?

So the Dalai Lama walks into a pizza place and asks: "Can you make me one with everything?"

Some december was the second coming of santa claus

Some people are wise and some otherwise.

Some people prefer their Marvin straight but I prefer my Marvin Gaye.

Some rude kids on the bus just texted each other “I think that old creep is looking at our phones”

Some see the glass as half full... I see the need to knock down the rest of this beer and order another before this ditzy bartender waltzes over to gab with those other patrons for another half hour.

Someone asked me what my occupation was. I said I never got that far because I was always pre-occupied.

Someone once asked me "penny for your thoughts", to which I said "I think that's pretty cheap, where's my penny?"

Someone tried to sell me a casket, that's the last thing I need.

Someone who frequents escorts is a buy-sexual.

Sometimes I order bloody steak, but that’s rare.

Sommeliers are so ungrapeful, they just wine all day.

Sorry I slapped you, but it didn't seem like you'd ever stop talking so I panicked.

Sorry but ever since I started a routine of jogging at midnight I have been running late.

Sperm Bank staff be like "Get a load of this guy."

Spice up your panic attack with a kazoo

Spiders are the only true web designers that enjoy finding bugs

Spiders are the only web developers happy to find bugs.

Stairs may look down to earth, but they're always up to something.

Statistically speaking only 1 in 7 Dwaves are happy

Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.

Steve Irwin died how he lived, with animals in his heart.

Sting has been kidnapped. The Police have no lead.

Suicide is the last thing I'd ever do.

Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day..

Taller people sleep longer.

Tattoo a W on both butt cheeks, so it says WoW MoM when doing naked cartwheels.

Teachers who can't explain properly make me question everything!

Technically, national anthems are just country music.

Tequilla probably wont fix your problems but it's worth a shot.

Thank God I'm an atheist

Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot.

That cow has 12 nipples, dozen tit?

The Floor and I have an understanding.

The Super Bowl will be LIVe this year.

The animal park I'm at only has a dog, a real Shih Tzu if you ask me.

The best German sausage is the Wurst

The best Helen Keller jokes are the ones you don't see coming.

The best thing about Japanese porn is they censor it, so I can watch it with my family.

The biggest downside to being short is that you can't always tell the difference between strep throat and hemorrhoids.

The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in High School was my blood alcohol content.

The closest I've come to murder is holding Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop.

The darkest time of my life was when I couldn't afford my electric bill

The difference between Capitalism and Communism

The difference between an alcoholic and a drunk is staggering.

The duck went from smoking meth to quack

The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to santa.

The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.

The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing somebody’s cast

The easiest way to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile, is to pay attention to who who you see later, and who you see in a while.

The first time I bought a universal remote control, i thought to myself, "Now this changes everything!"

The gender of an ant can be determined by throwing it into a puddle of water; if it sinks it's a girl ant, if it floats it's a boy ant.

The human brain is awesome. It functions 24/7 from the moment we are born and only stops working when you're taking an exam

The inventor of the anagram has died, may he "erect a penis."

The last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket was " Hey, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?"

The last time someone was interested in my body was when I filled out my organ donor card.

The mermaid went to math class wearing her algae bra

The most convenient time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing someone’s cast.

The movie castaway was just a really long fedex commercial

The number of virus cases has risen so much in my state that even strippers and hookers are required to work from home.

The only "B word" I'll ever call my bitch is beautiful

The only reason I go the extra mile is because I missed my off-ramp.

The only thing harder than brainwashing someone is convincing someone that they’ve been brainwashed.

The only time the word "incorrectly" isn’t spelled incorrectly is when it’s spelled incorrectly

The only time the word "incorrectly" isn’t spelled incorrectly is when it’s spelled incorrectly.

The opera's closed because of that damned virus, so I'll have to make do with Placebo Domingo.

The person that named a blowjob a blowjob had one job, and they blew it.

The person who coined "one hit wonder" probably didn't come up with any other popular phrases.

The person who proof read Hitler's speeches, was the original grammar Nazi.

The police say that they burn all the weed they confiscate, so that would explain the doughnuts.

The race to Finland isn’t over until you cross the Finnish line.

The reason I’m such a Joker is that I’ve never really been comfortable in a Suit.

The reason watches are often given as gifts upon retirement is that there’s no present like the time.

The research assistant, studying the effects of THC on shorebirds, was quite thorough in his duties - in fact he left no tern unstoned.

The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.

The safest place to be during an earthquake would be in a stationary store.

The semi-colon is the half-ass of punctuation; if you want the whole ass, you have to put a colon there

The share button on reddit should be called spreddit

The shovel is groundbreaking technology.

The soft tissue between a shark's teeth is sometimes just a slow swimmer.

The substance on the inside of a fire hydrant is H2O; whereas on the outside it's K9P.

The urge to sing the Lion Sleeps Tonight is only a whim away

The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere.

The wife says I have no respect for her privacy. At least that's what she wrote in her diary.

The word on the street is Graffiti

The word swims upside down is still swims.

The world is half-full of pessimists, or half-empty depending on how you look at it.

There are actually 8 dwarves in Snow White, but Kinky was left out of the film because he was a bit tied up during recording

There are so many things I like about horses, but my favorite is all that hair running down their neck — that’s the mane thing.

There are two types of people in this world:1.those who can extrapolate from missing information

There is no level of trust equal to that of cannibals giving each other oral sex.

There is no you in young

There is no “I” in denial.

There's a reason you're Robin and not Batman.

There's a time and place for spontaneity.

There's actually only one Bernie Sanders bumper sticker and we all take turns sharing it.

There's no i in denial

There's only one thing I don't like about halloween, which is..

There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm stuck here just holding my rod.

There's two types of people in this world, one is able to draw conclusions from incomplete information.

There’s a contortionist from the Philippines known as the Manilla Folder.

There’s no i in team but there’s a u in cunt

There’s no “i” in denial.

These black hole articles just keep sucking me in!

These coronavirus jokes are really going viral.

They asked if i bartend, no, but i bar attend.

They call me ALF, cause I’ll eat your pussy.

They need to install better doors in the space of possibilities cuz theres too many things you can get into but cant get out of

They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but if your word ain't worth a dime, that puts an upper bound on your picture of $100.

They say dogs are man’s best friend, but even my worst enemy wouldn’t look me in the eye while pooping on my carpet.

They wanted me to join their war but Iran.

They’re not inbred, they’re just genetically recursive.

This sentence is a lie.

This sub is disappointing me lately, so I'm going to try the meatball next time.

This year I'm going to do Dry January and see if I can manage an entire month without any foreplay.

This year International Women’s day is only 23 hours because of Daylight Savings. I expect better in 2020.

Those 'Make A Wish' kids are so lucky.

Time flies when you throw an alarm clock across the room

Time's fun when you're having flies, Kermit said

Title

To all the people out there suffering with paranoia just remember, you're not alone.

To be fair, I should stay out of the sun

To be frank, I'd have to change my name.

To be or not to be a horse rider. That is equestrian.

To quit smoking, I only smoke after every meal. I am down to 40 meals a day.

To spell panda, you only need P and A.

To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing.

To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing!

To the idiot who stole my antidepressants... I hope you're happy now!

To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.

To the man wearing a mask while carrying home a box of beer, you're worried about the wrong type of corona killing you.

To the people who are trying to overcome their paranoia, I'm behind you all the way.

Today I masturbated twenty five times, can’t believe I pulled it off

Today I saw a broke down short bus.

Today is Earth Day, and it should also become a day when normal people make fun of Flat Earthers

Tough shit if you do not eat enough fiber.

True house cleaners aren't just born, they're maid.

Turned myself into TSA today because of past issues with my mother, but apparently they have a different definition of unaccompanied baggage

Turning on your lights and sirens after losing a drag race is just poor sportsmanship.

Turns out, birth is the leading cause of death

Two bed bugs fell in love and are getting married in the spring

Uber Eats Driver sounds like a cheesy horror flick.

Unorthodox people are all the same.

Vegans are like Christians: they just wanna save you.

Voting for a woman president is racist to robot presidents

Walking into the drum shop like ‘I’d tap that’

We call my aunt “anti abortion” which is pretty mean cause she’s had 5 abortions

We call the beginning of the day morning because everyone is sad that they have to get out of bed

We dont negotiate with terrorists unless their demands are to take more of your time at the airport

We have a shortage of dwarves!

We'll we'll we'll...if it isn't autocorrect

We're God's roombas - he's let us free to roam, and we suck.

We're about to have a bad spell of wether.

We're supposed to be on earth to help others, but what the others are here for I don't know.

We’ve got big plans at the architecture firm.

What do you get when you cross a freeway with a refrigerator? Run over

What has 7 arms and sucks?

What has four letters, occasionally has twelve letters, always has six letters, but never has five letters.

What's the deal with the 14th of February , it's just a date

What's the hassle with valentine's day, it's only a date

What?!? You’re from Turks AND Caicos

When I die, I’d like the word "Humble" to be written on my statue.

When I escaped prison, the ugly security guard just screamed insecure

When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches.

When hanging drywall, it's better to screw it up than to nail it.

When in doubt, mumble.

When it comes to finding happiness, I have just about had it.

When it comes to studying boxing, I’ve been known to hit the books.

When life gives you melons, you're probably dyslexic...

When life gives you melons...

When life gives you writer's block,

When someone tells me to stop acting like a flamingo, that’s when I put my foot down.

When the assassin was hungry, the assassinate.

When the doctors told me I was bi-polar, I wasn’t sure if I should laugh or cry.

When the fire alarm went off and my colleague stopped to pick up pliers, I chastised him, “this is not a drill!”

When the interviewer asked me to, "Describe myself in three words.", I replied, "Efficient."

When you're given a choice between two different ways to get on a roof, always choose the ladder.

Whenever I go to the park and someone asks me which child is mine, I like to tell them I'm still deciding.

White boards are remarkable.

Why am I the only naked person at this gender reveal party?

Why do German girls always say their age during sex?

Why is it called a ‘money shot’ and not a ‘baby shower’?

Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed?

Why was the anti-vaxxer‘s 4 year old child crying? Midlife crisis.

Winter tip: don't make snow angels in dog parks.

Wish my wife would stop praying and just go to sleep, it's Pastor bedtime

With all these concerns about germs on hands, I’m getting really tired of opening doors with my mouth...

With great reflexes comes great response ability.

With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it’s only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy’s truck leaves him too.

Women do not get enough respect for their ass and titties

Women live longer than men beacuse most of them don’t have a wife.

Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make; then they call me ugly and poor.

Women's day

You can drink lava, but only once.

You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because its past tents.

You can't spell subtext without butt sex

You have to hand it to blind prostitutes.

You know the cure for corona virus? Lyme disease.

You may not be the dumbest person on Earth, but you better hope he doesn't die.

You mention Botox these days and no even raises an eyebrow.

You'd be jolly too, if you had a list of all the naughty girls and where they live.

You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes

Youre just a piece of meat to me if Im just a piece of silicon to you

You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.

a coon is black but a tycoon might be white

always thought being an adult would’ve involved more sex

call me the futsal shuffle because are you serious

diet without tea is just die.

dont be an intelligentass

i get extremely offended and downright devastated when people say I don’t handle criticism well

i recently did one of those nude calendars for charity... child line were livid

iTouch Kids: the Apple product that never made it past marketing.

i’m left-handed so my left arm is definitely not the right arm to break

my brother called me from prison and said “hey you know how we finish each other’s sentences?”

never in a million years would I ask a tambourine man to play a song for me

there's a thin line between conspiracy theorists and Chemtrails

“DO NOT TOUCH” must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille.

“I haven’t slept for 10 days, because that would be too long.”

“I stand corrected,” said the man in his orthopedic shoes.

“If Barbie is so popular then how come you have to buy all of her friends?”

“Write a wise saying and your name will live forever. ” —Anonymous.

‪The trouble with scolding your cat is that when you tell them to knock it off, they generally do.‬

